what's up Stephanie here from fitting
geeky and this is 1,500 calories well
approximately oh and this ground beef
forgot to include it in the first shot
and so that brings me to talk about
trying to get as full as possible on
1,500 calories I follow these five easy
steps step one coffee emails meetings
only until 9:30 though okay I'll need
another cup
other than being black magic coffee can
be used as an appetite suppressant I
happen in drink mine black
except to enjoy your diet foods sriracha
to the crispy I still eat the foods I
enjoy like the best cereal ever by the
way don't ever trust a person who pours
milk into a bowl before the cereal who
does that
figured I'd get some exercise in or some
other activity that's not in the gym so
here I am in nature but I'm always
prepared
we're full of chicken rice
and broccoli is how enjoy nature
step 3 all the vegetables an omelet just
isn't an omelet if you're not Jam
packing it's full of vegetable filler
like spinach zucchini mushrooms broccoli
it may be the spaghetti squash and you
know what bacon in this case turkey
bacon as you can see I'm a lazy mofo I
can't be bothered with taking out a
knife and cutting board and cut things
with scissors are way faster hey don't
judge it by its looks this isn't the
Cooking Channel let the four go for
maximum volume
so feels like I'm getting extra food
without all the extra calories because
that's the point extra broccoli and
spaghetti squash on deck here to
maximize the volume I'll mix up the
vegetables with like carrots cauliflower
are you going to say cauliflower
cauliflower you know just so I don't get
tired of the same thing step 5 find ways
to deal with hunger oh my god yeah this
looks good I drink a lot of water I
drink a lot of tea a lot of coffee chew
gum eat mints and also above all I make
other people feel uncomfortable hey what
what you got there and I watch you eat
wait where you going okay despite my
best efforts I still feel hungry a long
time personally I'd rather be hungry
your during the day because I can at
least deal with it better
I eat bigger meals at night and about an
hour before bedtime I mix a sugar-free
pudding usually with cottage cheese so
you look like I'm having dessert
but also it keeps me satisfied right
before I go to bed and I'll have to go
to sleep hungry and this one is
chocolate pudding I know it looks like
caca trust me it's good and there you
have it five easy steps okay not really
that easy because let's face it weight
loss isn't easy and fYI I alternate
between high and low calorie days to
give myself a little extra flexibility
and as a side note I do track and weigh
my food so far I'm down three pounds
since my holiday Massacre it's not the
most exciting weight loss but I wanted
to make sure that it wasn't miserable
and then I also maintain as much muscle
as possible as I go through this process
remember you can find me on social media
to see exactly how its ordinarily normal
my life is and please if you're liking
the video give me a thumbs up because
it'll help me sleep at night and now
it's time for Q&A with you guys on
Facebook Eric to be completely
predictable I gotta say chun-li from
Street Fighter besides people say that
we sort of look alike I don't know what
do you think Jasmine this is based on
personal preference I prefer weight
training because I'm trying to maintain
a muscular look but there's more and
more research backing up the fact that
weight training is really great for
longevity and just overall well-being
and Steven there are a lot of body
weight exercises you can do I'll link to
a couple resources in the description
below so check those out hey Dan for fat
this is one of those things where you
really ask yourself is it really worth
it and if you think so go for it just
accept what you're doing and then get
back on track the next meal or the next
day
for example in and out I will totally
bite the bullet and go all out as far as
healthy or fast food chains off the top
of my head Tripoli is definitely up
there and please subscribe to my channel
by clicking the link below if you
haven't already because do you really
have a reason not to I'll see you again
soon but until then stay fit and geeky
and you get a pop star you get a pop sir
everybody gets a pop star Bert found you
yeah can I have can I get a quick
sniffle that can I just smell your food
no just quick sniff man just give me a
quick sniff there you are come on come
on just wait let me lick the plate
afterwards okay like just a little bit a
little boy